Waterfall 

Requirements Definition 

Feasibility study:  

As of right now, everything we need is available to us, this means we will not need any additional software or anything else. This means it will not cost anything and we can do it cost-effectively. We will be using c++ which is a language we are all highly familiar with and should be easy to do the majority of the work with, the only difficulty may be adding the functionality for the database and how each user type interacts with the database. 

 

Requirement Elicitation and Analysis:  

Looking at some previous code we wrote in previous coding classes can help us. This can give us general ideas on how we want to create the code and classes. We can also use online resources to give us an idea how we want to setup the database and how we want each user’s functionality to be restricted/set. This will allow us to have an idea on how we want each user types functionality defined/created. 

 

System and Software Design 

Design for the system: 

User: 

Attributes: 

First Name 

Last Name 

WIT ID 

Functions: 

Set First Name 

Set Last Name 

Print Full Name/ID 

Student: Inherits from User 

Functions: 

Search Courses 

Add/Drop 

Print Schedule 

Teacher: Inherits from User 

Print Schedule 

Print Class List 

Searc for Courses 

Admin: Inherits from User 

Add Courses to System 

Remove Courses from System 

Add / Remove Users 

Add / Remove Students from Courses 

Search and Print Rosters / Courses 

Implementation and Unit Testing 

Use the previously created outline/objectives to create a table for each user type 

Create the different classes and subclasses that will be needed, students, teacher, and admin. While adding each one it will be important to test different functionality along the way such as how they interact with the database and if they can edit or interact with it, 

Integration and System Testing 

Testing the overall functionality and how each user type interacts with each other. For example, how the admin is able to interact with the classes or students and how it will affect the student's schedules 
Test as many functions as possible, and even try to break it. 

Operation and Maintenance 

Let other people try and use it. This will help get as many different ways to test as possible as people will try and break the code in unique ways.  



Regis's comments:
In op and maintenance, the testing process would not be done here, instead in implementation and unit testing
- A UI sytem is missing from the model

 
Billy- 
Micah, I would suggest adding a few notes into your waterfall method. Especially under the Design for System section just to make 
the what the functions can do and the restrictions on them more obvious. 

Hiller Comments:
Need some more clarity on what some funtions we would like to use and how we would do so. Also would we be using command line or using a UI?

